kadajett
My first tileset: rocks
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/my-first-tileset-rocks
Winternaut
Filthy Ectoplasm
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/filthy-ectoplasm
qubodup
Battery Power Icon
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/battery-power-icon
Gobusto
Burger
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/burger
Wyris
Wall of large bricksTextures in this Pack
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/wall-of-large-bricks
BananaOwl
Rainbow Ball
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/rainbow-ball
IgnasD
Arrow
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/arrow
United States Department of Energy
Nuclear Mushroom Cloud
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/nuclear-mushroom-cloud
Eslchr
Cute Sprite
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/cute-sprite
llazauskas
Spinning banana
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/spinning-banana
ansimuz
Urban Landscape
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/urban-landscape
Calciumtrice
Deer
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/deer
Shepardskin
Cat sprites
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/cat-sprites
Shepardskin
Kiwi Sprites
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/kiwi-sprites
Shepardskin
German Shepherd
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/german-shepherd-0
Chrisblue
Blue Babydragon
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/blue-babydragon
Chrisblue
Little Penguin
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/little-penguin
TinyWorlds
Characters  - The Woods
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/characters-the-woods
theweirdn8
Fierce almost War Horse
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/fierce-almost-war-horse
Urs Roesch
Cute Cloud
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/cute-cloud
BananaOwl
Unicorn
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/unicorn
rubberduck
weird alien textures
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/weird-alien-textures
Calciumtrice
Farming Tool Icons
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/farming-tool-icons
Vander96
Objects
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/objects-0
qubodup
Bomb Explosion Animation
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/bomb-explosion-animation
Cookie
Broken glass
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/broken-glass
para
Animated particle effects #2
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/animated-particle-effects-2
software_atelier
City Pixel Tileset
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/city-pixel-tileset
William.Thompsonj
[LPC] Flames
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/lpc-flames
Tiny Speck
Glitch Background Assets
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/glitch-background-assets
PauR
Sky background
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/sky-background
PauR
Nature tileset
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/nature-tileset
Gwes
Haunted Forest Trees
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/haunted-forest-trees
Wayne
Weird Tree
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/weird-tree
AntumDeluge
Torch
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/torch-0
Vander96
Owl [Animated] Dude
http://opengameart.org/content/oga-by-30-faq
http://opengameart.org/content/owl-animated-dude
Sharm
[LPC] Water Fountain
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/lpc-water-fountain
ansimuz
Forest Background
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/forest-background
bart
Pixel art flame icon
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/pixel-art-flame-icon
Stagnation
Heart Animation
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/heart-animation
surt
Platshrooms
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/platshrooms
Clint Bellanger
Recycle items set
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/recycle-items-set
ansimuz
Mountain at Dusk Background
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/mountain-at-dusk-background
wer2chosen
Paper towel roll
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/paper-towel-roll
ansimuz
Country Side Platform Tiles
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/country-side-platform-tiles
Jetrel
castle platformer
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/castle-platformer
qubodup
Tiling Cardboard TextureTextures in this Pack
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/tiling-cardboard-texture
cron
Old Parchment Paper
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/old-parchment-paper
icarito
Golden dialog
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/golden-dialog
Programmer16
Paper Decoration
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/paper-decoration
Programmer16
Paper Icons
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/paper-icons
cron
animated display static
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/animated-display-static
Ironthunder
Fist weapon Icon
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/fist-weapon-icon
OceansDream
Various inventory 24 pixel icon set
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/various-inventory-24-pixel-icon-set
Tracy
vending machine
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/vending-machine
Kenney
Platformer Art: More animations and enemies
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/platformer-art-more-animations-and-enemies
Buch
Minimal sidescroller tileset
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/minimal-sidescroller-tileset
qubodup
Object Icons (approx. 20px)
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/object-icons-approx-20px
Buch
The Great Machine
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/the-great-machine
SpriteAttack
HouseholdBlocks
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/householdblocks
Reemax
[LPC] House interior and decorations
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/lpc-house-interior-and-decorations
The Chayed - KIIRA
Game Boy Platformer Tileset
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/game-boy-platformer-tileset
plemuzic
Pack of ladders
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/pack-of-ladders
lukems-br
rpg ui icons: inventory, map, quests, spells, status
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/rpg-ui-icons-inventory-map-quests-spells-status
yd
Map
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/map
ansimuz
Magic Cliffs Environment
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/magic-cliffs-environment
Stagnation
Book Animation
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/book-animation
Blue
Pixel Books
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/pixel-books
rubberduck
seamless industrial texturesTextures in this PackPages
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/seamless-industrial-textures
Heindal_Wesnoth
Epical Science Fiction Pack
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/epical-science-fiction-pack
Gobusto
MIDI Keyboards
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/midi-keyboards
Osmic
Audio knobs, button, sliders etc.Textures in this Pack
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/audio-knobs-button-sliders-etc
Bluce
Cog Sheet
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/cog-sheet
Bluce
Cog Sheet 2
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/cog-sheet-2
Cpt_Flash
SteamPunk MachiNe *UPD
http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/steampunk-machine-upd
Cookie
Fire blast
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/fire-blast
Naarshakta
Puzze Pipe set
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/puzze-pipe-set
killy one
Wolfman Sculpt
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/wolfman-sculpt
ahmadmanga
Candle Sprite
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/candle-sprite
Curt
[LPC] Street Lamp
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/
http://opengameart.org/content/lpc-street-lamp
